Okay, so let's clean up
what we've done in the Route 53
if you wanted to avoid some costs.
So the domain name you've bought,
of course stays in your accounts,
and it will cost you $12 a year
if you wanted to renew it
or more if you've bought a more pricey domain name
And the domain name itself, so the hosted zone,
if you're not using it,
you can delete this hosted zone
by first emptying all the records.
Otherwise it will cost you 50 cents per month
to keep this hosting zone alive, okay.
Within it, it doesn't matter if you have many records,
you can just leave them as is.
This is fine.
The other thing we have to delete is all our EC2 instances
in our different regions, as well as our ALB.
So we had EC2 instances in three different regions.
So what I'm going to do is just delete them one by one.
So there was one from me in Frankfurt,
and I believe that the load balancer I had created
is also here.
So let me delete this load balancer as well.
And we can also delete the associated target group
with that load balancer, okay.
This is good.
And we have to perform the same kind of cleanup
in other regions.
So for me was us-east-1 where I'm going to go ahead
and delete another, terminate another EC2 instance,
and finally do the exact same thing in ap-southeast-1.
Okay.
After this, you should not incur any costs
out of this lectures.
Okay, so I really hope you liked this section
and I will see you
in the next lecture.